refactor!: update to boilerplate MAPCO-6313 (#19)
MapColonies/metatile-queue-populator: README.md

- `APP_ENABLE_REQUEST_QUEUE_HANDLING` - should this instance work on the request queue, or only api
- `APP_REQUEST_QUEUE_CHECK_INTERVAL_SEC`
- `APP_TILES_BATCH_SIZE` - how many tiles should be pushed into the queue at once
- `APP_METATILE_SIZE` - Default: 8. a numeric value, each tile will be rendered from a `APP_METATILE_SIZE`x`APP_METATILE_SIZE` sized request
- `QUEUE_JOBS_EXPIRE_IN_SECONDS` - How many seconds a job may be in active state before it is failed because of expiration. Must be >=1
- `QUEUE_JOBS_RETRY_BACKOFF` - Default: true. Enables exponential backoff retries based on retryDelay instead of a fixed delay. Sets initial retryDelay to 1 if not set.
- `QUEUE_JOBS_RETRY_LIMIT` - Default: 3. Max number of retries of failed jobs.
- `QUEUE_JOBS_RETRY_DELAY_SECONDS` - Default: 60. Delay between retries of failed jobs, in seconds.
- `QUEUE_JOBS_RETENTION_HOURS` - Default: 87660. How many hours a job may be in created or retry state before it's archived. Must be >=1
- `APP_CONSUME_CONDITION_ENABLED` - Should enable consume condition (e.g. condition if to populate the queue).
- `APP_CONSUME_CONDITION_CHECK_INTERVAL_SEC` - Interval until next job if consume condition is falsy. 

> - `APP_CONSUME_CONDITION_TILES_QUEUE_SIZE_LIMIT` - Limit the size of the PGBOSS queue.

Reviewer: `APP_CONSUME_CONDITION_ENABLED` - pre request consumption flag for conditions validation, current condition is tiles queue size (see `APP_CONSUME_CONDITION_TILES_QUEUE_SIZE_LIMIT`)
`APP_CONSUME_CONDITION_TILES_QUEUE_SIZE_LIMIT` - the max number of tiles in the tiles queue allowed before the request consumption
`APP_CONSUME_CONDITION_CHECK_INTERVAL_SEC` - upon invalid match to the consume condition, the duration in seconds to wait until the next consume condition validation

Author: ```suggestion
- `APP_CONSUME_CONDITION_ENABLED` - Pre-request consumption flag for conditions validation, current condition is tiles queue size (see `APP_CONSUME_CONDITION_TILES_QUEUE_SIZE_LIMIT`)
- `APP_CONSUME_CONDITION_TILES_QUEUE_SIZE_LIMIT` - The max number of tiles in the tiles queue allowed before the request consumption
- `APP_CONSUME_CONDITION_CHECK_INTERVAL_SEC` - upon invalid match to the consume condition, the duration in seconds to wait until the next consume condition validation
```
